Add New Port LUCID (#1302)
PortsMaster/PortMaster-New: ports/lucid/README.md

## Notes

Huge PortMaster !THANK YOU! to [Case Portman](https://caseportman.itch.io/lucid) for allowing us to share this gem with the PortMaster community as a ready to run port! 
Plus a SUPER THANKS! to all who tested this port and to all involved in the porting process!

Game Credits

Design, Art, Sound & Code:
Case Portman

Fonts:
By The Butterfly - http://bythebutterfly.com
David Kerkhoff

Extra Music/SFX:
Miguel Lopez - https://mlopezaudio.itch.io/metroidvania

Testing:
Emily Quinn - https://twitter.com/EmilyQ92_

LUCID was made for Adventure Jam 2023 in the timeframe of 2 weeks.

Made with Gamemaker.

> ## PORT PERFORMANCE NOTES: As documented within the port.json, this port is best enjoyed on devices with high res/high pixel density.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## Performance : 
As documented within the port.json, this port is best enjoyed on devices with high res/high pixel density. While playable on lower resolutions , text plays a crucial role in the gameplay, especially for first time players.
```

Author: Made this small change.
